---
title: "12"
category: Users/tk/daily/2018/09
tags: 
created_at: 2018-09-12 09:09:07 +0900
updated_at: 2018-09-17 09:10:35 +0900
published: true
number: 63
---

# Kaggle
I will take part in these two competitions at the same time.
- [TGS Salt Identification Challenge](https://www.kaggle.com/c/tgs-salt-identification-challenge)
- [RSNA Pneumonia Detection Challenge](https://www.kaggle.com/c/rsna-pneumonia-detection-challenge)

Notes for each competitions:
[#64: [WIP] Users/tk/competitive/kaggle/salt](/posts/64) 
[#65: [WIP] Users/tk/competitive/kaggle/pneumonia](/posts/65) 

## TGS Salt Identification Challengehttps://www.kaggle.com/c/rsna-pneumonia-detection-challenge#description
### Schedule

October 12, 2018 - Entry deadline. You must accept the competition rules before this date in order to compete.

October 12, 2018 - Team Merger deadline. This is the last day participants may join or merge teams.

October 19, 2018 - Final submission deadline.
- 
All deadlines are at 11:59 PM UTC on the corresponding day unless otherwise noted. The competition organizers reserve the right to update the contest timeline if they deem it necessary.


## RSNA Pneumonia Detection Challenge
###Schedule
October 17, 2018 - Entry deadline. You must accept the competition rules before this date in order to compete.

October 17, 2018 - Team Merger deadline. This is the last day participants may join or merge teams.

October 24, 2018 - Stage 1 ends & Model upload deadline*.

October 25, 2018 - Stage 2 begins. New test set uploaded.

October 31, 2018 - Stage 2 ends & Final submission deadline.

November 9, 2018 - Solutions & Other Winners Obligations due from winners.

November 25-30, 2018 - RSNA 2018 Conference in Chicago, IL

- * In order to be eligible for Stage 2, each team's Stage 1 submission must include the model uploaded, via Team -> Your Model, per the Competition Rules. This model should match that which was used to generate the 1 final submission selected for scoring. Be aware that if you do not select a final submission (via 'My Submissions'), the platform will auto-select your best-scoring model on the Stage 1 public leaderboard. The deadline for model upload is firmly the end of Stage 1.

This requirement is in place for the host team to verify the performance of the uploaded models matches the Stage 2 submission file. Compliance with the above will be verified by the host team. Submitters who fail to upload their model by the Stage 1 deadline, or are found not to be in compliance, may be disqualified from Stage 2 and removed from the final leaderboard.

All deadlines are at 11:59 PM UTC on the corresponding day unless otherwise noted. The competition organizers reserve the right to update the contest timeline if they deem it necessary.

# Programming
## Linux

## Python

## TensorFlow

## Theory

## Paper

# General
## Routine
- [ ] waking up at 5:00
- [ ]  Stretch 1
- [ ] afirmation
- [ ] meditation
- [ ]  Stretch 2
- [ ] Reading a book

## Excercise
* walking _ steps
* wide push up  
* narrow push up with knee 
* chinning: keep hanging  sec
* crunch

## Learning

## Note

## Reflection

